Adding note about accessing the VPN behind country level firewalls (#1417)
balena-io/docs: pages/faq/troubleshooting/faq.md

* `*.docker.com`
* `*.docker.io`

> ##### Can I use {{ $names.cloud.lower }} in China?

Reviewer: ```suggestion
##### Can I use {{ $names.cloud.lower }} in countries with restrictive national firewalls?
```

Reviewer: might be better to avoid naming names, just a thought!

Author: That was my thought too, which is why I only included that bit in a FAQ section, where it probably is appropriate but I'll let someone else decide :)

Reviewer 2: I suspect some people will search for China specifically; that's the country we tend to get asked about. Maybe "countries with restrictive firewalls such as China?"
